Docs/agent documentation (#57)
eProsima/Micro-XRCE-DDS-docs: docs/client_api.rst

    bool uxr_ping_agent(const uxrCommunication* comm, const int timeout);

> Pings a Micro XRCE-DDS Agent to check if it is already up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function pings a *Micro XRCE-DDS Agent* to check if it is already up and running.
```

This method does not require an XRCE session to be established beforehand.

> Returns `true` if a response was received from the agent, or `false` otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It returns ``true`` if a response was received from the *Agent*, ``false`` otherwise.
```

> :comm: A pointer to a properly initialized Micro XRCE-DDS communication structure, used to send the ping request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:comm: A pointer to a properly initialized XRCE-DDS communication structure, used to send the ping request.
```

> :timeout: The maximum time that the client will wait to receive the answer (*pong*) message, before returning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:timeout: The maximum time that the *Client* will wait to receive the answer (*pong*) message, before returning.
```

------

.. code-block:: c

    bool uxr_ping_agent_attempts(const uxrCommunication* comm, const int timeout, const uint8_t attempts);

> It provides with the same functionality as the method described above, but allows to specify the number of ping attempts before returning a value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It provides with the same functionality as the method described in :code:`uxr_ping_agent`, but allows to specify the number of ping attempts before returning a value.
```

> It provides with the same functionality as the method described in :code:`uxr_ping_agent`, but allows to specify the number of ping attempts before returning a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This function provides the same functionality as the method described in :code:`uxr_ping_agent`, but allows to specify the number of ping attempts before returning a value.
```

> :comm: A pointer to a properly initialized Micro XRCE-DDS communication structure, used to send the ping request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:comm: A pointer to a properly initialized XRCE-DDS communication structure, used to send the ping request.
```

> :timeout: The maximum time **per attempt** that the client will wait to receive the answer (*pong*) message, before returning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:timeout: The maximum time **per attempt** that the *Client* will wait to receive the answer (*pong*) message, before returning.
```

> :attempts: Maximum amount of times that the client will try to ping the agent and receive a response back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:attempts: Maximum amount of times that the *Client* will try to ping the *Agent* and receive a response back.
```
